Schedule tracking Demo Implementation

External systems used in the demo implementation:
- CommCareHQ
- OpenMRS (with Rest Web Services module, version 2.4)

To successfully complete demo, you will need an instance of these two systems.

Controllers:
The demo defines its own controllers and a simple view. The page is located under:
<motech-platform-address>/module/scheduletracking-demo/enroll/scheduleTracking

Via the webpage, you can register patients, that will be added to the test database and enroll patients to the
Demo Concept Schedule.

The demo implementation also registers two event listeners. One for Commcare form events, sent upon receiving a form and
another for the events sent by the Schedule tracking module. The form schema for CommCareHQ is located in the commcare.schema
package and the schema for scheduletracking in the resource package. The event handlers present the integration between
Commcare, OpenMRS and Scedule tracking modules. The event handlers are explained in details in the next paragraphs.

Before starting to work with the demo implementation, you must prepare your CommCareHQ and OpenMRS instance. First, access
the CommCareHQ and upload the forms schema, present in the commcare.schema folder. Then access MOTECH Commcare module
and connect it with your CommCareHQ instance, by providing necessary data. Finally, enable data forwarding for forms,
either via MOTECH Commcare module or via CommCareHQ instance. For OpenMRS, you are supposed to prepare some sample data.
Access your OpenMRS instance and under Administration tab, click "View Concept Dictionary" and add four new concepts named:
Demo Concept Question #1, Demo Concept Question #2, Demo Concept Question #3, Demo Concept Question #4. Make sure to set the
datatype in all of them to "Date". Get back to Administration and click on locations. Add at least one location of any name.
Get back to Administration and click "Manage providers". Click "Add Provider" and add provider for person linked with the
initial admin user (by default the person name is "Super User"). Get back to Administration and click on "Manage Encounter
Types". Click "Add Encounter Type" and add type of name "ADULTRETURN", with any description.

The three Commcare event handlers are responsible for registration, encounter and enrolling users. The demo listener
will use its own validators to verify the fields of the forms have expected values. If the values are correct, the demo
will attempt to perform actions on OpenMRS patient (of the given MOTECH Id, passed in the CommCare form). The registration
form event adds a new patient to the OpenMRS database. The encounter event adds an information to the OpenMRS patient about
patient visiting the facility on a specified day. The enrollment form event, simply enrolls user into the schedule.

The ScheduleTracking event handlers simply listen to the events fired by the schedule tracking module. They include
alerts, indicating that patients are late with their visits or that the concept has been defaulted. The demo will
send SMS message and place IVR call upon each event and attempt to send messages and calls, retrieved from the CMS Lite
module. that are added automatically at the demo module startup.

Demo workflow:
-> Register patient, either via sending CommCareHQ form or registering patient directly in OpenMRS and in Demo module, via
   simple demo page (link provided above).
-> Enroll user into schedule, either via sending CommCareHQ form or by accessing the demo page and typing in user ID that
   should be enrolled.
-> Receive notifications from the schedule-tracking module about required visits.
-> Fulfill milestones by completing encounters. The encounter can be completed by sending CommCareHQ form.